Since you said it was my woman
Then it is impossible for me to let you be valued by others
But no but
I'm divorced now.
And my marriage to Chu Ruoxi
It was a mistake.
I just want to protect Mengmeng now
And my real daughter
No way.
The most I can do is to help you go to the fire.
Can't fan yet
Otherwise, if the Zhang family knows, they will tear their faces apart.
The Zhang family is in full swing now
We must obtain the support of the Zhang family
Is there something wrong within the Ye family?
Ye Rulong can get the support of the board of directors
Not for no reason
Can you go well?
Take the position of heir to the Ye family
It's still a position number
Don't worry in my eyes
What building chamber of commerce
Imperial capital Zhang family
And the Ye family board of directors
I didn't care
Young Master, wake up
Although Daxia Dragon's Cave has already recognized the owner
But the temple did not recognize the owner
and
The six commanders have also found a new owner
New owner
A temple can only have one master
That was me!
Anyway, no matter what
Me and my godfather are your eternal backing
Godfather has already gone to the imperial capital first
To get the other half of the board to back it up
I'm going too soon
I will wait for you at the board of directors of the imperial capital
Leaving so soon
Well, the plane tonight
I'm going to change clothes first